[theme music playing]
20 YEARS AGO
[women sobbing]
[Seong] I have gone to be with Do-hwa.
[Seong] When she bears a child,
knowing that it is mine.
[baby Jang Uk crying]
[crying continues]
[maid Kim] My Lord.
My Lord, where are you taking--
[intense music playing]
[Heo Yeom] We heard the news about Do-hwa.
We're about to pay our respects, too.
What are… What are you doing here
when you should be in mourning, huh?
I am here because this is the only way
to change the fate of this child.
[dramatic music playing]
[metal sword swishing]
[ground cracking]
[water sloshing]
What are you doing?
[loud impact]
[baby Jang Uk crying]
[Jin shouts]
Gang, what have you done to him?
I have completely blocked
the child's gate of energy.
He will live,
but he won't be able to learn any spells.
From this point forward,
no one must open
this child's gate of energy.
How could a father
do something so horrible to his own son?
My son?
[young Jang Uk] Why does he get
to decide my future?
No one even considers him
to be my father, anyway.
[young Jang Uk] I will find someone.
A master who is willing to
open up my gate of energy and teach me.
I will find someone on my own.
And unsheathe that sword
so I can break it in half.
[Jang Uk] Over the years
I have found 12 teachers,
and have been expelled every time.
At last, I finally found the master
who will change my fate.
[dramatic music playing]
I knew you'd be my master…
as soon as I saw them.
So I guess, um, you've noticed
something special about me, Young Master?
That's how it seems.
[suspenseful music playing]
I told you you had beautiful eyes.
Oh, right. Only your eyes.
The blue mark of a Soul Shifter
bloomed like them in a flower.
[Mu-deok] So the mark
was in my eyes the whole time.
[laughs in disbelief]
Are you really going to fight me here?
I can kill you and no one will know.
But we're in Songrim, though.
They'll catch you.
[intense percussive music playing]
[Jang Uk] I intend to save your life.
If I am by your side,
they might not catch you.
[footsteps approaching]
[suspenseful music playing]
If you don't want to get caught,
you should call me…
-"Young Master."
-[metal swishes]
[tense music playing]
Jang Uk?
Oh, you.
What are you doing in Songrim?
[suspenseful music playing]
Who's that woman?
Oh.
[Jang Uk] This is Mu-deok,
the servant who's been taking care of me.
Mu-deok?
Yul, I believe
you gave Mu-deok quite a scare.
Would you mind
putting that pointy thing away?
[sighs]
-[sighs in relief]
-[sword clanks]
Mu-deok, are you okay?
[whimsical music playing]
Mu-deok, hey.
I am fine now, Young Master.
Hmm.
[Dang-gu] Jang Uk?
[Jang Uk] Oh.
[hesitates]
What-- what are you doing here?
I came here to see our leader.
But I got surprised by the fighting
so I came in here.
We had intruders in Songrim
and you can't even handle a fight.
[Dang-gu] You, if they saw you,
you would have been in big trouble.
-No.
-[Dang-gu] No, no, no, wait.
You did the right thing, actually.
You ran and hid, yeah.
I didn't run. My servant ran away,
so I ran after her.
You--
[groans]
So who's this girl?
[tense music playing]
What's with the knife?
This girl…
Wait, did you protect him with that knife?
Wow, how admirable.
You see, your Young Master is very weak,
so you must protect him, yeah.
[whimsical music playing]
[Mu-deok] Yes.
I must protect him, my Young Master.
No, wait, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I should be the one
protecting you, Mu-deok, hmm?
What's with the strong grip?
You won't let go?
[Jang Uk grunts]
Huh? What's with that look?
You shouldn't look at me like that, huh?
Mu-deok, you should look down, right?
Yes, Young Master.
Mm.
[Seo Yul] So you were the one
who ran away from me.
Mu-deok, was it?
My apologies for startling you.
[somber music playing]
Do you have any injuries?
Hey, Mu-deok.
No, I'm all right, Young Master.
-Is everything all right outside?
-[Dang-gu] No.
It's still chaos out there.
That Soul Shifter, Naksu,
her body's missing.
[Mu-deok] Just as I thought,
those men were sent by the Danju.
I need to get out of here.
[Jang Uk] Oh, what a pity.
A Soul Shifter.
The Shadow Assassin Naksu.
I was very curious to see
what she looked like
before she switched to another body.
[tense music playing]
[Mu-deok] He knows who really I am.
Before I leave, I have to kill him.
[Sang-ho] They must have broken
the pine forest barrier
and escaped through here.
[epic music playing]
[electric explosion]
I see. They broke the barrier.
-We'll follow them.
-[Jin] It's too late for that.
[Jin] Only the people of Songrim
are able to break the barrier.
We have a spy among us.
We must ask the Jin family for their help.
[Dang-gu] They kept Naksu's body here,
in this secret room.
[Dang-gu] Hey Uk, did you notice
anything suspicious
while hiding in Jeongjingak?
Suspicious?
Mm, no. I only saw Mu-deok.
[suspenseful music playing]
What if Naksu shifted her soul
into another woman's body
and retrieved her original one?
So a woman can only shift her soul
into another woman?
[Seo Yul] It's not the only way.
But to avoid the souls clashing,
you should shift into a body
that's similar to yours.
Gender, age, and build
should be as close as possible.
I only ask because I haven't seen her,
but did Naksu really have short limbs,
this thin,
and this round, like Mu-deok here?
[Mu-deok] What the hell is his problem?
If she really looked like her,
would people have given her
a scary nickname like "Naksu"?
I mean, look at her.
[Dang-gu] What kind of assassin
would look this cute?
[laughs awkwardly]
You're right.
That Naksu must have looked like
a monster.
Stop that. She was a human being.
Let's not speak ill of the dead,
even if she was an assassin.
[footsteps approaching]
[male mage] Forgive me,
Master Heo Yeom wants to see you.
You two go.
I don't like that old man, anyway.
Okay. It'll be safer for you to stay here.
[Dang-gu] Let's go.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Jang Uk knocks]
This is where her body was frozen.
Seeing how there's no rotting smell,
it seems like
your body is still in one piece.
Naksu.
You're right.
I am the one known as the Shadow Assassin.
Naksu.
[sinister stinger plays]
I've been thinking about
why you keep helping me.
Did the Danju also send you?
You're wrong. Nobody sent me here.
Then why have you been helping me out?
I've already told you why,
but I guess you still don't understand.
Your beautiful eyes…
No way.
Are you really in love with me?
-[quirky music playing]
-[scoffs]
Stop laughing.
It's the only reasonable thing
I can think of.
I'll admit
that I've been calling you beautiful.
But only because I want something
from you.
And what is it you want?
I've been searching all over
to find the greatest master to serve,
the one who'll open my gate of energy.
And then, I ran into you.
Naksu.
I want you to be my master.
[harmonious music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Heo Yeom] I just received word.
Did you really call
the Jin family's ghost, Sapsali?
Yes.
So do you believe
there's an intruder here in Songrim?
I'm beyond certain.
I'm sure at this moment,
there's a Soul Shifter among us.
[Mu-deok scoffs]
The son of the legendary Jang Gang
of Songrim is asking
Naksu the Shadow Assassin
to be his master?
I would never have imagined such nonsense.
The master will open
the pupil's gate of energy
and help him master spells.
In return, the pupil will hide the master
so that she can stay safe.
We could form a great team together and
we can get what we want from each other.
-No way.
-Well, if you don't want to be my master,
we can say I fell for you
and I could become your husband.
-Is that better?
-Shut up.
I heard you've had plenty of masters
and each one has kicked you out.
Did they kick you out
because you were always this ridiculous?
My former masters
didn't have any weaknesses
so I couldn't threaten them.
But I'll serve a new master.
And she has pretty big weaknesses.
You won't get out of here alive
without me.
You're dead if they know
you're a Soul Shifter.
Is that so?
Well, if that's the case…
[ominous music playing]
…I'll have to kill you right here.
So ruthless,
if you kill someone who's helped you.
My apologies, but I am more cold-blooded
than I am cute.
[intense music playing]
I gave you the Jade Plaque
and brought you to my home,
and I let you come to Songrim
with the Spirit Plaque.
And here we are, alone in this room.
[loud rumbling]
[Jang Uk] This is Songrim's secret room.
Once that door closes,
we can only get out
if somebody opens it from the outside.
We'll be locked in here together.
Stop, don't move!
If you step on the wrong spot now,
and the ground will cave in.
Kill me, and you'll be killed, too,
by the Songrim mages
who'll enter through that door.
So, if you agree to be my master,
we'll both get out of this room alive.
[Mu-deok] I don't have the strength
to open his gate of energy right now.
If we're stuck in here, we'll be caught.
I will need my sword.
Shifting souls has made me weak.
I need my sword's energy
to open your gate of energy.
So, without my sword,
I won't be able to open it,
no matter how long we're trapped in here.
To get my sword, we need to go.
Now.
So stop.
I told you to stop it.
I can't stop it right now.
You can't raise it again
until it's all the way down.
[exhales in anger]
You! That was all a lie, was--
-[rumbling]
-[both yelping]
You need to stop moving.
I told you the ground would cave in
if you step anywhere.
-[Mu-deok screams]
-[Jang Uk grunts]
Hey, hold on tight! You're slipping!
-Hey, why's your face down there? Hey!
-Shut up!
-[Jang Uk] Hey!
-Hey, hey!
Why are you--
-That really hurt!
-It wasn't intentional, I promise you.
-It really hurts!
-Just hold on. You need to stay still.
[Mu-deok] Stop!
Um, by the way,
how will we find your sword?
I know the person who took it.
I can find it.
[Jang Uk] Going outside
of Songrim is too dangerous.
We need to deal with this
while we're still here.
[Jang Uk]
Does it have to be that sword, huh?
Can you use another sword
imbued with energy?
I can't. It can only be my sword.
For now, let's get out of here
and find it.
[Mu-deok] First, I'll lure him
out of Songrim, and then, I'll kill him.
Is your energy really that weak?
I thought you were acting clumsy
on purpose to hide it.
So it's really gone weaker?
The mages are coming this way. Be alert.
But why do I need to be alert?
Those people are on my side.
[scoffs]
This isn't the time to talk about sides.
Such a child.
Don't speak casually to your Young Master.
Be alert.
Oh yes, Young Master.
I'll lower my gaze.
Uh.
Who is this person?
I am Mu-deok, the new servant
taking care of Young Master Jang Uk.
Hmm. You've heard, right?
She's my servant. I brought her here.
You all seem busy,
so please carry on, then.
-Let's go, Mu-deok.
-[Sang-ho] You cannot leave.
The leader ordered everyone in Songrim
to gather at the Training Center
immediately.
But I'm not a member of Songrim.
He wants every single living thing
within these walls
to gather there,
including you and your servant.
[tense music playing]
[crowd chattering indistinctly]
-[Dang-gu] Uk.
-Ah.
[Jang Uk] What's going on?
Why are we all gathered in here?
One of Naksu's men is in here.
They're going to catch him.
Naksu?
[suspenseful music playing]
Among you
stands a person who aided Naksu's men
in their attack on Songrim.
My Lord,
there is no one gathered here today
whose identity should be in question.
On the outside,
you all look like members of Songrim.
Which is why I've requested help.
Lady Jin Cho-yeon
of the Jin family has arrived.
She has Gwigu in her possession.
[harmonious choral music playing]
Greetings, my lady.
Jang Uk? What is he doing here?
I don't know.
[sighs]
Wow, no way. Must be Gwigu,
the Jin family's heirloom.
Gwigu?
-A dog?
-[Seo Yul] Hmm.
A ghost that detects sorcery, Gwigu.
[Jin] In this room,
there is a Soul Shifter.
And Gwigu will seek out that Soul Shifter.
Gwigu will find the one
who looks like a Songrim member
on the outside, but has a different soul
lying within them.
[suspenseful music playing]
You may now close the doors
to the Training Center.
[mages] Yes, my lord!
[Jin] As of now, anyone who attempts
to leave the Training Center
will be considered a spy,
and will be executed.
You may begin.
[epic percussive music playing]
-[loud rumble]
-[crowd exclaim]
-[Gwigu crackling]
-[all exclaim]
[roars]
The sorcery of the Alchemy of Souls
has one weakness, you see.
There's a gap
between the host body and the soul.
[Dang-gu]
And the evil energy of the sorcery
seeps out through that gap,
and Gwigu can detect that energy.
[suspenseful music playing]
[roars]
[crowd screaming]
[growls]
[crowd exclaiming]
Jang Uk, pretend you know nothing
even if they catch me.
-What is this?
-My duty.
[Gwigu growls]
[crowd exclaiming]
I do not want
to become the laughingstock of Songrim,
simply because I got help
from someone like you.
Stay right by my side.
Not a single soul in Songrim
would ever allow that thing to attack me.
[growls]
[Gwigu roars]
[crowd exclaim, scream]
[action music playing]
-[sword swishes]
-[crowd exclaim]
A Soul Shifter! After him!
-[mages exclaiming]
-[trampling footsteps]
[sword swishes]
[hurried footsteps]
[suspenseful music playing]
[swords clink]
-[male mage shouts]
-[swords clanging]
[men grunting]
[shouts]
[swords swishing, clanging]
[soul shifter grunts, thuds]
[soul shifter grunts]
[blood splashing]
[blood gurgling]
[heaving]
I'd heard Soul Shifters become petrified
when they run wild.
[Dang-gu] I can't believe it's true.
[sighs]
[melancholy music playing]
[loud rumbling]
[Jin] Songrim has received great aid
from the Jin family today.
I am sure one day
we'll ask for your help, too.
[Heo Yeom] Come to think of it,
the children
of Daeho's four great families
are all gathered here.
I've heard that you're called
the Four Seasons.
Seeing you all here tonight
is truly a sight to behold. [laughs]
Well, we used to get together quite often.
But this is the first time since Uk
and Cho-yeon dissolved their engagement.
[Dang-gu laughs]
-[clicks tongue angrily]
-[laughs awkwardly]
I've had them prepare tea
in the reception room.
[Seo Yul] Please come this way.
[Cho-yeon] So you were here, too,
Young Master Jang Uk.
Is it true
that you were kicked out of Gisan?
Oh, yeah.
Are you still keeping track
of everything that I'm doing?
You should just ignore it.
[clears throat]
The rumors of how you got
kicked out again were everywhere.
-So I just happened to hear about it.
-Oh, okay.
Our honored guest
seems uncomfortable around me,
so allow me to excuse myself.
[whimsical music playing]
[whispers] Asshole.
Should we…
Come.
[sighs]
Hey, uh, so, uh…
Have you seen my servant?
The one here just now?
She's uh, she's short, thin,
she has a really round face.
Oh, come on, seriously.
Ugh, where did she go?
[Mu-deok] So the spy the Danju planted
in Songrim was a Soul Shifter.
I need to find the Danju.
[playful music playing]
I remember that you said
you were doing your duty.
Is running away from your master
part of your duty?
It's because of my duty
that I am leaving you.
If things went accordingly,
I would have killed you already.
[Jang Uk] Ah.
So vicious.
My apologies, but I'm not
the round-faced Mu-deok,
who does everything you tell her to.
You're Naksu. You cut off people's heads.
I knew when I ordered you to prepare
my baths, I was risking my life,
and I was risking it again
when I followed you to Songrim.
So what am I to do when you're
the only one who can decide
if you'll kill me and become my enemy,
or open my gate of energy?
[tense percussive music playing]
And, just so you know,
you have this habit where you stare
quite intensely at other people.
They'll recognize you.
Do you see the mark in my eyes
from where you're standing right now?
No, I don't.
Try again.
I see it 'cause I've seen it before.
What about now?
I can definitely see it now.
But I suppose it won't be often
that you get this close to anyone else.
Just make sure to be careful
when you kiss someone.
What's wrong? I'm only saying it
to be helpful.
Those who've come that close to me
have all died by my hand.
You could be the one who dies.
The Sapsali.
[eerie music playing]
[growls]
If the Sapsali attacks you,
will you turn to stone
like the other Soul Shifter?
Go.
I'll try to save you.
[action music playing]
[Gwigu growls]
[yelps]
[grunts]
[growls]
[epic music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[soft music playing]
[sighs in relief]
[Cho-yeon gasps]
Gwigu's pottery shattered.
[Cho-yeon] It was our family heirloom.
What, uh, happened was,
I was trying to take a look at it.
But why would they make an heirloom
to be so fragile?
[shouts] Jang Uk!
[clicks tongue]
Hmm?
We need to have a talk. Come here.
[Jin] Uk.
[playful music playing]
Uk.
Hey, Jang Uk. Jang-- Jang Uk!
[sighs]
Uk!
Jang Uk!
Damn it!
[yelps]
Uk!
I must put it back together.
So be sure to gather
every single piece of pottery.
[maids] Yes, my lady.
[sighs]
[Dang-gu] Oh no, did he…
That is the work of your Young Master.
[Mu-deok] So he broke their heirloom
to save my life.
[Dang-gu] Oh, Jang Uk.
Just last year, he ended his engagement
with the Jin family's daughter.
And now, look,
he shattered the family heirloom.
-Engagement?
-Yeah. To her.
He dissolved his engagement
to Lady Cho-yeon.
[Dang-gu] No master, no engagement,
now there's no heirloom.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
What will your Young Master do now?
Where did the Young Master go?
He got dragged off.
Uk, I'm afraid they're gonna
punish you severely for this one.
[Jin] I sent you all the way to Gisan.
Then you were kicked out
in less than half a year.
Why did you come to Songrim tonight?
I heard you were devastated by the news
of me being kicked out.
-So I came to personally apolo--
-[Jin] And this is how you apologize?
Why, then, did you break that thing?
Well, I mean, I was fascinated by it
and wanted to take a closer look,
but I happened to drop it
because I had a weak grip.
If someone had taught me
how to cast spells,
it wouldn't have happened,
so it happened
because I can't cast spells.
[shouts]
Jang Uk!
He also tampered
with the door of the secret room
and damaged it, my Lord.
[Heo Yeom] Why, that little--
He did that on purpose.
He's just bitter.
[grunts]
[Jin] This time, I will not allow you
to get away with what you've done.
Until I say so, Jang Uk,
you're hereby forbidden
from moving a single inch
from your position.
And you're forbidden
from saying a single word.
Reflect on it.
[sighs]
[somber music playing]
You don't have to worry.
He won't be punishing your master
for too long.
This one time,
Uk was forced to sit out all night
as punishment
and he almost died of a cold.
[Dang-gu] His gate of energy was left open
just enough to keep him alive.
So extreme cold or heat
could easily kill him.
He won't recover if he gets sick.
Then you should open his gate of energy.
He's desperate for someone to help him.
Why won't either of you open it?
We do not have the ability to do that.
But no one in Songrim--
I mean, no one in Daeho
is able to open it for him.
Then the Young Master
has already been dealt
a lifelong punishment.
[melancholy music playing]
[sighs]
I received permission
to bring you hot tea.
Young Master.
Your servant Mu-deok
will be departing now.
What, you're gonna leave alone?
[stick strikes]
You're a master
who understands loyalty and duty.
That is why you took me in.
That is why you brought me here.
And that is why you've done everything
to protect me.
I'm sure you know very well
that you cannot say anything about it
to anyone.
[sighs]
[somber music playing]
I will be safe because of everything
you've done for me.
Throughout my life, I've only met those
who have wanted me dead.
You're the first person who's ever tried…
to save my life.
Even if you come this close to me again,
I promise I will spare you.
Huh.
[Jang Uk sighs]
[sighs]
[maid Kim] I shall send an apology gift
to Gisan,
and repay the Jin family a hefty sum
for the heirloom
that the Young Master broke.
It was just--
Uk made too many mistakes this time.
I had no choice but to punish him for it.
You were right to punish him for that.
Since you have done enough,
may I please
take the Young Master home now?
You may do so.
Thank you very much.
-[maid Kim] Are you all right?
-[Jang Uk] No, I'm not.
[whimsical music playing]
Mu-deok didn't return to the house,
did she?
Why would she decide
to go back to the house?
Speaking of which,
where did Mu-deok go
when her Young Master
was being punished for his actions?
Uh, forget it.
So then, why did you tamper
with the secret room?
The stone door won't close.
I don't know.
[maid Kim] Huh?
-And why did you break the pottery?
-I said I don't…
I said I don't know.
[hesitates]
Please stop asking, okay?
Hmm…
Here are the fireworks you requested.
You'll be able to see them
from miles away.
Thank you.
But why would Young Master Uk
want you to get him fireworks?
A little birdie told me
he was punished severely.
What is Young Master up to?
[shushes]
It's a secret.
Do not tell anybody about this, okay?
Okay, Ju-wol?
He should lay low
if he knows what's best for him.
[Ju-wol sighs]
A Songrim's Spirit Plaque?
[gasps]
Are you allowed to enter Songrim?
Your Young Master must really trust you.
[gasps]
This is such a precious item.
I'm looking to sell it, you know.
But it won't be easy to find a buyer.
Really?
But a little birdie told me
that you know where to sell it.
Ah, well yes,
there is an inn I know of
that specializes in black market goods.
[Ju-wol clears throat]
But it will be very difficult to set up.
Ah, you'll get a hefty sum.
[Mu-deok] So then,
can you get me another chicken?
[Ju-wol] Of course, I'll put it
on your Young Master's tab.
Eat up. Have whatever you want.
[suspenseful stinger plays]
[eerie music playing]
[Jin Mu] Although Naksu's corpse
may be here with us,
her soul lives on in another body.
You will also be born anew.
Your new form shall be made
through the Alchemy of Souls.
Don't be afraid to sacrifice yourselves.
[intense percussive music playing]
Fire!
[bows squeaking]
[arrows whooshing]
[mages screaming in pain]
[Mu-deok] I will need my sword.
Shifting souls has made me weak.
I need my sword's energy
to open your gate of energy.
Even if you come this close to me again,
I promise I will spare you.
[pensive music playing]
-Uh, ruining my appetite, seriously.
-[maid Kim] Young Master.
[maid Kim panting]
Young Master, they finally caught them.
-Who? Mu-deok?
-Why would anyone be looking for her?
Oh, well, never mind. Continue.
Jin Mu, the Assistant Gwanju
of Cheonbugwan,
caught the men who raided Songrim
and stole Naksu's body.
Really?
[tense music playing]
Jin Mu took the bodies
of Naksu's men and marched into the palace
for everyone to see.
[Heo Yeom] But we were the ones
who caught Naksu.
I worry that Songrim
will become a laughingstock.
When Jin Mu of Cheonbugwan
apprehended the men,
did he leave anyone alive for questioning?
He had them all killed.
Then we've lost the chance
to learn about the Alchemy of Souls.
Oh, the leader of Jinyowon,
Jin Ho-gyeong, is here as well.
[laughs]
[Sun] So Jin Mu,
the Assistant Gwanju of Cheonbugwan,
apprehended the culprit
when Songrim could not?
How were they able to enter Songrim
and disable the barrier
not once but twice?
There was a Soul Shifter inside Songrim.
Thankfully, they were able
to catch him with the Jin family's Gwigu.
[Sun] Gwigu?
I would like to see this Gwigu
if possible.
I'm afraid I'm unable
to show you right now.
Due to poor handling,
it shattered in Songrim.
How could you make such a foolish mistake?
My apologies, Your Majesty.
As a result
of Jin Mu's recent contribution,
I summoned you here
to inform you I'm considering
appointing him to the next Gwanju.
That's impossible.
You don't consider Jang Gang
as the current Gwanju of Cheonbugwan?
He's been given the robe
and the sword by the late king.
Don't you remember?
Also, you must consider Jang Uk, his son.
But Jang Gang…
has been away from his seat
for decades under the pretext of training.
[Go Won] Besides, his son, Jang Uk,
is unable to learn any spells.
The one who's been fulfilling his duties…
is the Assistant Gwanju.
[Ho-gyeong] Your Majesty,
the evil technique
of exchanging human souls
is a forbidden sorcery among mages.
And Songrim has always been the one
to track down those who commit the act.
Even with this Soul Shifter,
Songrim could have found it
and gotten rid of it.
But just because he decided
to kill every single one of them,
Jin Mu ruined everything for us.
Jin Ho-gyeong, are you unhappy
that Cheonbugwan is rewarded
for its contributions to the matter?
Songrim caught Naksu, not Cheonbugwan!
[Heo Yeom]
Why are you taking credit for it?
Heo Yeom, we're not here
to argue about that.
For the Gwanju position, as soon as
Jang Gang returns from his long journey,
the mages of Songrim will hold a meeting
and make the decision there.
Jin Mu should receive something else.
[tense music playing]
Jin Mu.
Tell me what else you would most desire.
The people have been greatly troubled.
So let me burn Naksu's body
in front of Cheonbugwan.
And Naksu's sword…
Since Songrim has lost it,
I would like to store it in Cheonbugwan.
[sighs]
You may do as you please.
[Dang-gu] Oh, traditionally speaking,
the swords imbued with the energy
of the best mages
have all but been sealed away
in the Sword Room of Jeongjingak.
But, with this, they're doing
with tradition, right?
So you said Jin Mu of Cheonbugwan
had Naksu's sword?
Yeah. And he said he's going
to burn Naksu's body there, too.
Hmm, so she will be there
to witness the burning of her body, then.
Who will? Naksu?
You still think
Naksu shifted her soul into someone?
[laughs softly]
Are you hoping to find Naksu
so she could be your master?
[laughs jokingly]
No, sir.
Pour me some tea now.
Tea. If you want more, then you pour it…
lazybones.
Hey, Mu-deok, pour--
Where has your servant been, anyway?
I have to find her.
But first, I need to get that sword.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Mu-deok] Seeing that the Danju
has covered his tracks,
he must think that I failed
to shift souls and died.
Because I don't know who the Danju
really is, I won't be able to find him.
If you search for the one
selling the Spirit Plaque at the end,
you will find me.
I will be waiting.
[firework fires]
[loud explosion]
[intense music playing]
CHEONBUGWAN
I am here to acquire Naksu's sword, sir.
Why do you want it?
[Jang Uk] I heard His Majesty allowed
Cheonbugwan to keep it.
But then, it is only right
to be stored in the house of Gwanju.
Since the Gwanju is not here,
it's only right that I,
Assistant Gwanju, keep it.
Since the Gwanju has not been here,
it's right that I keep it
as the son, not you.
[tense stinger plays]
I've heard you've been
searching everywhere for a master.
I'd like to take you in myself.
However, I will not defy your father
since he was my master.
I simply cannot fathom any reason
as to why he…
blocked your gate of energy?
[Jin Mu] This sword contains
the energy of a mage.
Someone as ordinary as yourself
won't be able to draw a mage's sword.
[loud clack]
Were you afraid
that I would unsheathe her sword?
[chuckles]
If I did, I'll be qualified
to become the next Gwanju,
meaning that you, the Assistant Gwanju,
would be unable to rise to that seat.
[amused chuckle]
[chuckles]
You don't have to worry, though.
I cannot draw it, not yet.
"Not yet?"
I saw fireworks coming from Danhyanggok.
Are you certain
they were fired from Danhyanggok?
Yes. They came from the valley.
From Naksu's home.
[suspenseful music playing]
[indistinct chattering]
I'm looking for the one
selling the Spirit Plaque.
They've come here looking for you.
[chuckles]
So, someone must be here to buy it, then?
They are waiting in the room at the end.
How could you lose something so precious?
I didn't. I'm telling you,
someone stole it.
I'm certain that it was Ae-hyang.
[Ae-hyang] Are you the one
who brought this?
I am here to buy the Spirit Plaque
that was drawn there.
Well, you have come to the right place.
[Jin Mu] She has outlived her usefulness.
Kill her to avoid any problems.
[suspenseful music playing]
You know me.
Didn't I tell you to send word
if anybody brought that drawing?
I did send word.
She ran upstairs to meet the person
who came to buy.
So it was Ae-hyang that stole the plaque.
[Ae-hyang screams]
-[crowd gasping, shouting]
-[loud thud]
We're mages from Cheonbugwan.
[male mage] We've apprehended a thief,
so please continue as you were.
[Mu-deok] He killed her.
He thought she was me and killed her.
[ominous music playing]
[muttered chattering]
[Ju-wol gasps]
[Mu-deok] So the Danju has cut me off.
[crowd chattering indistinctly]
[Seo Yul] Are you really her?
-[Gil-ju] You may begin.
-[mage] Yes, my Lord.
[somber music playing]
[spectator 1] Cheonbugwan caught Naksu
when Songrim failed?
[spectator 2] Well, yeah,
Songrim was pretty much humiliated.
[spectator 1] Oh look,
it's Assistant Gwanju of Cheonbugwan
sitting over there.
[spectator 2] Oh!
[intense percussive music playing]
[Mu-deok] So, the Danju…
is really Jin Mu, the Assistant Gwanju
of the royal Cheonbugwan.
I am burning.
Just like how my home
and my parents burned that day.
[melancholy music playing]
[Jin Mu]
I promise I will give you strength.
Are you willing to follow me?
Young Master.
As you can see,
even as I watch my body burn,
there's nothing I can do to stop it.
There's nothing I can do for you, either.
I found your sword, finally.
[Jang Uk] You could retrieve your energy
with the power of the sword, right?
Hey, why are you just staring at it?
Come on, just take it out.
[tense music playing]
I knew that an excellent sword
would recognize its owner.
[thrilling music playing]
All I need to do now
is absorb the sword's energy.
[sighs in relief]
[echoed ringing]
[grunts]
[Mu-deok grunting]
[Jang Uk] You're too weak
to handle the energy of your own sword.
You can't even unsheathe it.
You're just as powerless as me.
Just a useless body.
Just stop. That is enough.
Leave.
I highly doubt
you'll be a threat to Songrim
in that useless body
and Naksu is nothing but ash.
Just live your life as Mu-deok.
I would rather die…
than live in this body.
Then go ahead and die.
[melancholy music playing]
[sighs]
[harmonious music playing]
This is the grave of the Soul Shifters.
[Jin Mu] Even the one who taught me
the Alchemy of Souls
disposed of the bodies
of many Soul Shifters here.
In the end…
this place was meant to be my grave.
[dramatic music playing]
[water splashing]
[soft somber music playing]
[Ju-wol clears throat]
[Ju-wol] Young Master, how much longer
should we remain closed?
I'll be leaving soon.
Is everything okay between you two?
Mu-deok seemed a little out of it.
[coughs]
I'm just worried.
It looked like she was heading
toward Lake Gyeongcheondaeho.
Gyeongcheondaeho?
[Mu-deok] I would rather die…
than live in this body.
Then go ahead and die.
[muffled chiming]
[epic music playing]
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok!
Mu-deok!
[sword chimes]
SEJUKWON, SONGRIM
You're in Sejukwon.
Master Heo Yeom's infirmary in Songrim.
It's been a while
since I was allowed in here
but thanks to you,
they let me in.
Your eyes probably sting.
I've put in some eye drops.
He said the blue marks
of Soul Shifting in your eyes
are like bruises.
So if you use these special eye drops,
they should go away quickly.
Put them in regularly.
I unsheathed my sword.
I definitely unsheathed it.
I know. I saw.
[Jang Uk]
But you still don't have any energy.
You probably could earlier
thanks to Gyeongcheondaeho's energy.
I can regain my energy inside that lake.
I need to go back in there.
What? Will you live in the lake forever,
like a fish?
[Mu-deok] When I was in the lake,
I felt a huge surge of energy.
And then I regained my energy.
That's right.
Someone whose energy's
as powerful as Lake Gyeongcheondaeho's
just has to force their energy into me
so I can recover mine.
But who?
Will you search for a master, too?
Do you think there's a master out there
as powerful as Lake Gyeongcheondaeho?
Even if there was one,
who would want to help
an assassin like you?
You're Naksu who's become a Soul Shifter.
What? Uk is here?
Why would he come to Sejukwon?
[doctor] He said his servant was injured
and needed to be treated.
He wouldn't take no for an answer.
Who?
All right, Mu-deok, was it?
How bad were her injuries
that Uk would personally
bring her back to Sejukwon?
[pensive music playing]
I've only heard of Sejukwon,
but to be there…
It truthfully is an incredible infirmary.
They have every medicinal herb.
And poisons, too.
These are Sejukwon eye drops,
so the marks in your eyes
should disappear.
You should just lie low
and live as Mu-deok.
This is all I can do
to help you, all right?
No.
I want you to be my Lake Gyeongcheondaeho
so I can give you my energy.
You said you risked your life for me
many times already.
Risk it again just one more time for me.
It'll be quite painful.
[cup shatters]
What did you put in here?
One of the most poisonous herbs
from Sejukwon.
[sinister music playing]
[cup shatters]
I bet my everything
that you'll survive this.
Yes, that's right.
I dearly hope you will survive.
[heaving]
[coughs]
If you do survive this…
I'll agree to be your master, okay?
[Jin] Uk! Uk!
[Jin] Uk, what's wrong? Uk!
-Uk!
-[Heo Yeom] What is wrong with Uk?
He ingested poison.
-Poison?
-[Heo Yeom] What poison?
A poison that will cause
the Young Master's heart
to stop in approximately six hours.
I asked you what kind of poison?
You won't have enough time
to find out what poison it is
and concoct an antidote to give him.
[Mu-deok] There's only one way
to save him before it's too late.
Open his gate of energy
and use your energies
to remove the poison from his body.
What?
Open his blocked gate of energy.
Or he'll die because of you.
[Dang-gu] Yul, Yul, Yul, Yul, Yul.
[splutters]
They say that Uk was poisoned.
-He's going to die.
-What?
They say that Mu-deok
was the one who poisoned him.
But she refuses to say
what kind of poison she used on him.
So right now my uncle is torturing her.
[Dang-gu whimpering]
Tell me the name of the poison.
Continue until she breaks.
-But she could die, my lord.
-Uk will die if she doesn't talk.
We must find out what poison it was
within the next two hours
or he'll die.
[coughs]
-[groaning]
-[maid Kim] Young Master.
Young Master!
Please open his gate of energy.
There's no other way
you can save his life.
[maid Kim sobs]
We're running out of time!
Young Master!
You have to save
the Young Master's life, please!
[dramatic music playing]
-[doctor] My Lord.
-[Jin] How is Uk?
Tell me, has something happened to him?
Master Heo Yeom
was able to remove the poison.
[doctor] The Young Master will survive.
Was he able to find the antidote for that?
[doctor] No, my Lord.
He had to open it. He opened
the Young Master's gate of energy.
[harmonious music playing]
[chuckles]
[gasping]
Young Master, how are you feeling?
Am I alive or did I die?
You barely survived.
Master Heo saved you.
But to do so,
he had to open your gate of energy.
He really opened my gate of energy?
Mu-deok, that lunatic,
refused to tell anyone the kind of poison
she gave you, so Master Heo,
he had no choice but to open
your gate of energy to remove the poison.
I bet my everything
that you'll survive this.
Yes, that's right.
I dearly hope you will survive.
Where is Mu-deok?
[coughing]
[somber music playing]
Mu-deok?
Mu-deok, hey!
Mu-deok.
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok.
[sighs in relief]
You could have almost killed
the both of us.
You really are…
You really are crazy.
So you live.
My pupil.
Yeah.
I came back from the dead, thanks to you.
My crazy master.
[laughs softly]
["Aching" by Kassy playing]
[Jin] Uk has managed to finally open
his gate of energy after all.
[Jang Uk] Your pupil has come back alive,
as he promised,
so you're my master from now on.
[Mu-deok] In order to become the best mage
you can possibly be,
there are several abilities
you must master.
You are far worse
than I ever expected you to be.
We were watching Yul just now.
Mu-deok asked if we could see him.
[Seo Yul] That girl Mu-deok,
someone who is not as they seem
is hiding something.
I'm in love with you!
[maid Kim] Young Master!
It's the Crown Prince.
He's come from the Royal Palace
to see you.
There's another sword here
which you cannot unsheathe.
It'll not bode well for you
to lose the sword as well.
Since you refuse,
I have no other choice.